# MyWallet
A system information system, where the primary target group are students, can easily manage their budget and finances.

## Problem and Solution

In today’s fast-paced and rising economy, university students face massive obstacles in managing their personal finances. This issue becomes more relevant among domestic and especially international students at University of Primorska. Income is limited, prior experience of finance handling is not seen quite often, students struggle to maintain the financial equilibrium which is the golden goal that every student strives for.
The problem is seen and experienced daily, students often lose track of the amount they spent on essential items, food and goods, rent or alcohol and other leisure activities. Many students fail to plan ahead for recurring costs like monthly rent, leading to situations where they may run out of funds mid-month or accumulate unexpected debt. Students are in need of a system, which doesn’t lack context and a clear display, or fail to account for rising prices in supermarkets like Lidl or Mercator.
Consequences of poor financial planning affect every aspect of a student’s life. Students may feel stress, their inability to cover the rest of the month may affect their academic success. The family of the students, often need to provide unexpected financial support and one poor ability of budgeting from one student may have a Domino Effect on his surroundings. University support services and student advisors can feel the burden of students in financial distress, requiring more time to provide aid or solutions.
The scope of solving this problem lies in creating a simple and student oriented application which will provide real time tracking and analysis of one’s finances. Users should be allowed to enter their input and categorize their expenses while automatically integrating expenses. The goal is to improve financial literacy, develop better saving habits and reduce financial anxiety.
Through the Systems III Seminar, my goal is to develop a system that appropriately addresses these issues and design a solution that bridges the gap between financial responsibility and student life by offering an intelligent and contextual solution for budget management.  
